Fix handling closed incidents in mirror out (#14420)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/3_0_24.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

> - Fix an issue where XSOAR mirror out changed the XDR status for closed incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an issue where XSOAR mirror out would change the XDR status for closed incidents.
```
